Added descriptions on how the UIs can be upgrade (#8)
mojaloop/business-operations-framework-docs: docs/guide/Microfrontend-JAMStack.md

    - name: Cache node modules
      uses: actions/cache@v2
      env:
        cache-name: cache-node-modules
      with:
        # npm cache files are stored in `~/.npm` on Linux/macOS
        path: '**/node_modules'
        key: ${{ runner.os }}-build-${{ env.cache-name }}-${{ hashFiles('**/yarn.lock') }}
        restore-keys: |
          ${{ runner.os }}-build-${{ env.cache-name }}-
          ${{ runner.os }}-build-
          ${{ runner.os }}-
    - run: yarn install --frozen-lockfile
    - run: yarn lint
    - run: yarn test
    - run: yarn build
#    - name: Slack Notification
#      uses: rtCamp/action-slack-notify@v2.0.2
#      env:
#        SLACK_WEBHOOK: ${{ secrets.SLACK_WEBHOOK }}
```

### CDNs

The resulting SPA is served by a CDN or multiple CDNs. Individual micro-frontends can live in different CDNs.

### Kubernetes

The resulting SPA can run and be served in one or more Kubernetes environments.

### Host application

The host application comes with a pre-configured setup out-of-the-box. It does not need any particular configuration different from a traditional SPA more than the Webpack 5 Module Federation configuration.

> It will be acting as the orchestrator, loading the remote micro frontends and providing them with app-wide functionality e.g. auth, RBAC, client side routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will be acting as the orchestrator, loading the remote micro frontends and providing them with app-wide functionality e.g. auth, RBAC, client side routing.
```
It will be acting as the orchestrator, loading the remote micro-frontends and providing them with app-wide functionality, for example, authentication, RBAC, client-side routing.

There is virtually no limit on how the host can grow and how much can be extended.

> It is suggested however to centralize all the host-child communication and shared components in an external library so that both host and children have the same knowledge and integration won’t break.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is suggested, however, to centralize all the host-child communication and shared components in an external library so that both host and children have the same knowledge and integration will not break.
```

> ### Versioning microfrontends

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Versioning micro-frontends
```

​The suggested approach is to build a registry where individual apps are registered. The registry would allow to set some configuration on each app and keep track of all the available versions.
​

> It would then expose and api consumed by the host, providing informations around the available microfrontends, the versions and the artifact locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry would then expose an API consumed by the host, providing information around the available micro-frontends, the versions, and the artifact locations.
```

​

> The registry would be administered by a trusted operator through a user interface; it would be the trusted operator responsibility to decide which version of each individual app would be made public and available to the host to load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry would be administered by a trusted operator through a user interface; it would be the trusted operator's responsibility to decide which version of each individual app would be made public and available to the host to load.
```

> It would also allow to easily test versions and rollback when necessary, all that without needing to rebuild and redeploy the apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would also allow to easily test versions and roll back when necessary, all that without needing to rebuild and redeploy the apps.
```

​

> **Note** The JS build artifacts created by Webpack do not include the version in the filename. It's could be necessary to upgrade the build in order to differentiate versions. A simpler approach that do not require to update the build configuration would be hosting the versions on different URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip NOTE
The JS build artifacts created by Webpack do not include the version in the filename. It could be necessary to upgrade the build in order to differentiate versions. A simpler approach that does not require to update the build configuration would be hosting the versions on different URLs.
:::
```

​
### Upgrading the host

> ​The host is pretty much self isolated and the only necessary thing to do proper versioning is to use the built in command `yarn version`. It will create a new git tag and increment the `package.json` version accordingly to how the command is used (interactive CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
​The host is pretty much self-isolated and the only necessary thing to do proper versioning is to use the built-in command `yarn version`. It will create a new git tag and increment the `package.json` version according to how the command is used (interactive CLI).
```

​
### Upgrading the remotes

> ​The remotes are self isolated and the only necessary thing to do proper versioning is to use the built in command `yarn version`. It will create a new git tag and increment the package.json version accordingly to how the command is used (interactive CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
​The remotes are self-isolated and the only necessary thing to do proper versioning is to use the built-in command `yarn version`. It will create a new git tag and increment the `package.json` version according to how the command is used (interactive CLI).
```

### Menu / App composition

> ​The host is configured to dinamically build the Menu and the Pages (with react-router) structure. Currently the _Menu_ component(s) is imported from the `@modusbox/react-components` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
​The host is configured to dynamically build the _Menu_ and the _Pages_ (with react-router) structure. Currently, the _Menu_ component(s) is imported from the `@modusbox/react-components` library.
```

​

> It's not strictly necessary to use such component and the host / remotes could use custom components, as long as they allow dynamic composition and supports routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not strictly necessary to use such components and the host / remotes could use custom components, as long as they allow dynamic composition and support routing.
```
